feat: injectTypes (#11551)
withastro/astro: .changeset/fresh-fans-study.md

---
'@astrojs/db': minor
---

> Changes how typegen works

Reviewer: We should avoid abbreviating this for people less familiar with the concept:

```suggestion
Changes how type generation works
```

> The generated dts file is now at a new location:

Reviewer: And here should probably use the correct extension:

```suggestion
The generated `.d.ts` file is now at a new location:
```

```diff
- .astro/db-types.d.ts
+ .astro/astro/db.d.ts
```

> The update made to `src/env.d.ts` can be undone:
> 
> ```diff
> - /// <reference path="../.astro/db-types.d.ts" />
> ```

Reviewer: This sounds to me like I need to undo something **in this update**, but I think you mean something else by “update” right?

Something like this?

````suggestion
The following line can now be removed from `src/env.d.ts`:

```diff
- /// <reference path="../.astro/db-types.d.ts" />
```
````
